word=foul intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=mirage intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=aggression intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=eligible intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=chatter intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scold intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=originality intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=superficially intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=outwit intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lorn intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sputter intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=immature intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sinking intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=slothful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=co-operation intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=befoul intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tantalizing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=disturb intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=prize intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=brutish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stereotypical intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=steadfastness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=straight intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=non-violent intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=inevitably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=elegant intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=rusty intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=valiant intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=loathing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=haughtily intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hilariously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ruthless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=decry intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=resilient intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=succumb intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=insinuation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hero intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=jubilantly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unseemly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fissures intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=shriek intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bullyingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=doldrums intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=revengefully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=uplifting intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unwillingness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unfriendly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=controversy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unwanted intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=spotty intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=criticism intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=golden intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=divide intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=mawkishness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stern intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scarier intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=catchy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=best-selling intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=impartiality intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=exhort intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=glimmering intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=cannibal intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=strike intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=imperialist intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=holy intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=relax intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=successful intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=mesmerize intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=hurt intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=exuberantly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=hole intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=irksome intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=famed intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=accomplishment intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=wane intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unjust intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dragons intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=malign intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dishearteningly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=want intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=reprove intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=preferably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=complaining intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=damage intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=hot intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=significance intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=preferable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=shirker intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dignified intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fanaticism intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=beauty intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=despondent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=modest intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=destined intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=unselfish intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=extortion intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rejoicingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=effective intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=scourge intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=revolt intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=fictional intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sickening intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wink intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unlawfully intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=democratic intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=restriction intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=understatedly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=soothingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fidelity intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=wrought intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=admirably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=wickedly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fit intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unforeseen intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=fib intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=insubstantial intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=admirable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=easier intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=glorify intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=grievous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enrich intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=renunciation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=aspersions intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=confute intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=interrupt intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=competitiveness intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=merrily intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=spotless intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=averse intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impossible intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=substantially intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=ameliorate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=allay intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=coupists intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=toleration intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=misfortune intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indiscretion intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=encourage intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=outburst intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fugitive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=cornerstone intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=enormous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=undisputably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sickeningly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rumple intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disturbed intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=speedy intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=tempting intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ineffectively intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=mendacity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=undisputable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=relentlessness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=downheartedly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=angelic intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=playfully intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=clamorous intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=clarity intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=declaim intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=traumatize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tired intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=outstandingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=master intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=incognizant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bitter intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=terrifying intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=collapse intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=enthrall intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=stake intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=wisdom intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=positively intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=peril intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rewardingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=coward intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=idle intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=endure intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=acclaim intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=willingness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=shyly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=meddlesome intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=antagonistic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=arousal intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=wholesome intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=responsible intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=gripe intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=eagerly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=recommended intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=defiantly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=responsibly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=worthlessness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=imprudent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disdainfully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=object intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=diminishing intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=vexing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=simplify intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=affirmation intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=addict intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=reverence intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fluster intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=drought intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=preferences intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dummy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wreck intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=nettle intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=disaffect intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=consummate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=detriment intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scream intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=incomplete intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=marvel intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=bomb intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=undue intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lethal intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=busy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=quaint intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=bliss intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=rich intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=mend intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=emphatically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=irritably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wide intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=denounce intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=foremost intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=tenaciously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=relish intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unfortunately intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=spilling intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=nicely intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=altruistically intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unrelentingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stunningly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=adherence intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=dismissively intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disaster intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fair intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=gallingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=peripheral intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=over-valuation intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unexpectedly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fail intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=resigned intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=best intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=solicitude intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=irk intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=humankind intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=scorn intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ire intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=skimpy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=indecisive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inextricable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=superficial intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inextricably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=defiance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=downgrade intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dexterously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=undependable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disdain intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fallacious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=incense intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=argue intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fearlessly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=eradicate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=obscenity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mortified intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=irresponsible intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=irresponsibly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=truthful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=penalize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bewilder intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=subside intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=disgracefully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bedlamite intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=privilege intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=adroitly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=incompetent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=obese intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dote intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=doubts intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=jeeringly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=chill intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=gritty intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=manipulators intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=taunts intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=upscale intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=fractiously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rapprochement intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=severity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=haphazard intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=harmony intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=perspicuously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=emphatic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fairly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=effortlessly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ill-usage intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dexterous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=haggard intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=intrusion intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=askance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cannibalize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fanatically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=solace intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=forsaken intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=beset intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=ungovernable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=plight intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=amusingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ease intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=obedient intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=innocent intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=prison intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=falter intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=irretrievable intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=survival intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=disagreement intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inaptitude intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unequivocally intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=shadow intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unique intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=harmoniously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=excitedness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=bonkers intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=battlefield intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=beneficial intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=right intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=macabre intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=captive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sure intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=insistence intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=harassment intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enemies intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=inhuman intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=creative intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=repression intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=foe intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=polluter intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=palatable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=defensive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=losing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=memorable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=hardliners intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=restlessness intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=lackey intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=grievously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=anomalous intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=despair intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=insecurity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hamstrung intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=suggestions intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=slightly intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=meddle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sob intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deploringly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=infraction intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=honeymoon intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=respectable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=abjectly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=despised intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=frazzled intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=suffice intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=overshadow intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=greatness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=happy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=insurrection intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=fascination intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=shrilly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=understandable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=straggle intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=safeguard intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=congratulations intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=misinform intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pest intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=calumniation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=juvenile intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=discountenance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=liberal intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=unnerve intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=crumble intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=soothe intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=leer intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=heartbreakingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=desecrate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=amicable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ambitious intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=superfluous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mudslinger intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disastrously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=geezer intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=paralize intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=comely intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=smelling intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=persecution intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=anti-white intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=congested intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=expropriate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=quandary intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stricken intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=subvert intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=disrespectable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=avalanche intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=uneven intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=rousing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=obsessively intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indolent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vex intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=oversight intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=bogus intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=persevere intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=jerk intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cheap intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=navigable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=cataclysmic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gloomy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rapturous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=rationality intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=engrossing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sweeten intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=spiritual intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=insignificant intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=soft-spoken intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=adulation intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=kindliness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=cleanliness intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=jeopardy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=celebrated intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=reminiscent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=torturously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=boost intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=irresolvable intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=abscond intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=assertive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=understanding intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=upgrade intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=dwindling intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=momentous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=molestation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shamelessness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=redemption intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=effusive intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dusty intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=ineffective intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=ill-fated intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=reclaim intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=love intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=prefer intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=logical intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=bloody intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=marvelous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=abash intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=self-sufficient intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=fake intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=flagging intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=abase intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=positive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=angry intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dangle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cherished intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=wicked intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=afford intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=validity intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=ignorant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=degrade intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=degenerately intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=preponderance intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unnatural intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=pretend intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fatalistic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=instable intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=impasse intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=harmonious intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=values intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=awesome intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=intransigent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=admirer intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=stole intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=evidently intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=calumnious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=savor intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=divided intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=vainly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=abidance intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=optimal intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unforgettable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=quarrellously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=spot intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=convincingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=rehabilitate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=improving intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=filthy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shockingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=egotistical intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disagreeable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stress intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=natural intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=regressive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dreamland intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=disagreeably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=drunken intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=innocuous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=noteworthy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unacceptable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=anti-Semites intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=yearn intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=horrify intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=thoughtfulness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=avid intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=despotic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lackluster intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stupidity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disconcertingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=attraction intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=suspicion intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=revulsion intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=antipathy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=smarter intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=illogically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bashful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=courageously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=revert intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=instability intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=amnesty intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=revere intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=raptureously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=edify intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=beloved intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=indeterminable intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=breakthrough intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=prudently intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=giddy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=abide intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=seriously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=trauma intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mistified intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=ascendant intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=cooperatively intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=worthiness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=siege intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=palatial intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=vicious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disrespect intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=complicated intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=matchless intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=plea intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=bumpy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dissonant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scarred intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=liberally intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=heroize intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=imposers intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gaff intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wrong intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=impure intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=quibble intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bothersome intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=neglect intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=puny intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=punishable intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=anti- intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=open intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=languish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wrath intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ill-favored intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shiver intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=oversimplified intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=pacifists intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=snatch intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=ridiculous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rhetorical intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impractical intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=heavyhearted intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rival intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=stammer intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=glossy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=damned intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=proactive intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=prospect intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=illness intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sumptuous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sag intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=argument intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sad intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=prestigious intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=lurking intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bewilderingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sap intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dismissive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=perplex intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fashionable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=destroy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=hedonistic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fashionably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=time-honored intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=discerning intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=adaptability intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=unencumbered intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=energize intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=touchy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=blockhead intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=drive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=guiltily intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=jittery intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=intoxicate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unassailable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=infuriate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=straggler intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=merit intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=elan intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=inconsistent intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=scarce intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=aggressive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=calumnies intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=slow intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unkind intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=liberation intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=outrage intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dispute intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=godlike intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=graceless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=infallibly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=simplistic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=infallible intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=maniacal intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=keenly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=absurdly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=worried intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=liable intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=worries intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=worrier intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disparage intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=downfallen intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ghastly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enthralled intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=temperance intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=audaciously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impressions intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=inequalities intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=alarming intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mope intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=forsake intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pitiless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inappropriately intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=aberration intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=triumphal intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=adept intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=jovial intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=spare intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=menacing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=jaunty intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=undermine intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=quack intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=farcical intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disrespectfully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ineptly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=belie intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=calumniate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=extravagantly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gaiety intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=concede intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=needlessly intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=almighty intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=diatribe intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=abject intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=profane intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=prominence intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=pleasurable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=world-famous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=twists intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=reviled intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dubious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=blah intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hopefulness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=blab intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fame intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=debilitating intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=underestimate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=war-like intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inoffensive intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=breakdown intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=maturely intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=infuriatingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sickness intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=defy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=domineering intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=entanglement intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=cheery intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=awesomeness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=undefined intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=idiotically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=staunchness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=memorialize intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=truculent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=disconcert intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=slime intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fateful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=futilely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deceiving intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pestilent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=overthrow intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=ebullient intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=joyful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dark intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=snarl intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=darn intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=snare intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=vague intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=bravery intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sensational intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=stranger intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=expunge intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=intolerablely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=superiority intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cravenly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=obstruct intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=satisfactory intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=debilitate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=asperse intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=demeaning intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=divine intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=wrongly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scandals intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=corrosive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unsuccessfully intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=biased intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=squabble intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=zest intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=intimate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=poise intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=imminence intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disparaging intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=audaciousness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=biases intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=luxurious intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=exasperating intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=joyfully intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=favorite intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=slender intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=practicable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=masterpieces intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=mean intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=nastily intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sensitively intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=foulness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=perturbed intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=chivalry intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=utterly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=braggart intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=interruption intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=rectification intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sneering intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lively intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=deceivers intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=desert intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mindless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=futile intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mollify intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fastidious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=antiquated intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impedance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=handsome intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=darken intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=rage intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=flirt intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dirty intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=reprimand intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=flatteringly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=agree intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=brotherly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=gratuitous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stealing intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=ax intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tranquil intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=admiring intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dawn intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=ideally intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sanguine intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sympathetically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=abolish intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unparalleled intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=friggin intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=incomprehensible intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disgraceful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=damnably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=damnable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=midget intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=imminently intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=misleadingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vivacious intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=indiscriminating intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=offensiveness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fraudulent intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=original intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=beware intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=importune intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fairness intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=improperly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=attentive intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sparkle intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=smile intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=degeneration intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=puzzled intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=discrepant intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=candid intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=manageable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=marvellous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ingratitude intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=laud intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=large intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=desertion intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=abuses intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=senselessly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dizzingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lechery intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=destitute intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=quicken intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=offbeat intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=poisonous intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=undecided intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=empower intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=indecision intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=smartest intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=mudslinging intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=brutal intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=skepticism intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=luck intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sweetness intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=calumniously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vie intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=traumatized intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=conspiratorial intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=decrement intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=coercion intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inadequately intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=amiability intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=enliven intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=gorgeous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=befitting intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=one-sided intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=spoon-fed intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=objections intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=doom intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fatal intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=beautiful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=prompt intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=life-threatening intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dilly-dally intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=accept intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=unbiased intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=sense intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=scar intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=condemn intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=distastefully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disconsolate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=imminent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=glowing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=cajole intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wiles intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=confounding intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=lanky intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=disgraced intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=second-tier intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sympathize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unsound intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=authentic intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=misapprehend intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=malevolent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=refuse intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impermissible intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=helplessly intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=incessantly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=distortion intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wide-ranging intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=dawdle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sugarcoated intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=smiling intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=irreformable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tantalizingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=plotters intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=nifty intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ally intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=wry intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=tentatively intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=motley intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sucker intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=imperil intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=misuse intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=harrow intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=respectful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=reticent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=coping intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=eloquence intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=aggrieved intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shocking intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disorganized intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=resolute intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=exorbitant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=terrify intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=repressive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=embattled intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sparingly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=expulse intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=darling intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=impudence intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=salute intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=nervously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bungler intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bedlam intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=paucity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=qualify intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=clique intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=weed intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=reproach intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=driven intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=insolence intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sicken intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sensations intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=expedient intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=terrifyingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=god-awful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=belligerent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=brutally intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=glitter intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=disordered intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=differ intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=peaceable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=leverage intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=swipe intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=threatening intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=heady intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=tradition intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=hallowed intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=flimsy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=zealot intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=saint intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=aver intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=justly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sympathies intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=warmly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=discombobulate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=appreciation intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=satirical intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stifle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rampant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=grace intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ungrateful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=condolences intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=annihilation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=abysmally intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exuberant intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=defect intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=pedestrian intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=servitude intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mawkish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tarnish intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=jeopardize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=commotion intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=freakishly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=frail intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=hardy intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=yawn intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=virus intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=reward intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unequal intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=barren intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deceitfulness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=despise intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ugh intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gold intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=exterminate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=agonize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=aghast intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indecorum intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=desolate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=defender intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unjustly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indifference intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sunny intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=impregnable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=resent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=remedy intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=farcical-yet-provocative intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=charmingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=frightening intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exultation intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=enemy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=progressive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=cry intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=terrifically intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=obscure intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=outlaw intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bulky intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=disparagingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=troublingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=overwhelm intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=potent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ill-treatment intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=insidiously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unsettling intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=worth-while intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=smuttier intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=avoidance intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=viciousness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=beatify intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=compliment intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=candor intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=hardship intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fidgety intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disallow intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=untouched intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=smoldering intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=prospects intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=improved intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=influential intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=offending intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=harpy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disgustfully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=approve intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=shortsighted intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=majesty intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=drunk intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hollow intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=self-coup intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=worthless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=devil intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=filth intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=acceptance intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=rattle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=extravagant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sweetheart intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=champion intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=great intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=bitchy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=adaptable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=moderation intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=untrained intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=struck intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=inclement intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=uncertain intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=reliable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=admire intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=spitefulness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=reliably intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=error intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=agitation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unprecedent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vow intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=beautifully intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=vanish intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=exult intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=funny intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=radicalization intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fallacies intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=elevated intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=ugliness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=forgiveness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=mortifying intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=trivially intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=comprehensive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=jealously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fabrication intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=infamous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=oddest intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=picky intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=loathsome intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=concrete intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=discourteously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=uncouth intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=belabor intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rumbling intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=nefariously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dastard intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=admission intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=eager intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=relevance intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=amusing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=suffering intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cataclysm intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=abound intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=pertinent intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=consensus intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sugar-coat intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stylish intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=disorder intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=amicably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=irresistibly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=depravedly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=goddamn intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unfazed intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=felonious intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=mighty intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=hard-line intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=curious intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dishonorablely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pale intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=indigent intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=irresistible intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=wrongful intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=benefit intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=twinkly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=worship intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=inclination intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=agreement intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=respite intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=discontented intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deserved intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ambush intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=forgave intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=repair intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=garbage intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=prideful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disturbingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=integral intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=prodigious intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=appropriate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=unnerving intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=criticisms intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=traduce intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sneaky intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=glowingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=chide intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=crackdown intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=inconsistency intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=mishandle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=suit intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=morality intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fragmented intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=insensitivity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impudent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=byzantine intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=graciously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=relaxed intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=brazenness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=slump intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=well-regarded intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=archaic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=harangue intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inhumane intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=maturity intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=slander intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=preemptive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=mature intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=ascertainable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=retaliatory intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=awestruck intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=genial intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=reconcile intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=oddity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=raging intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unsafe intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=haunt intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=graceful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=troublemaker intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=nationalism intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=caustically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=puzzling intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=invalid intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=irreplacible intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=retract intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=condolence intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deviate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sumptuously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=scapegoat intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=energetic intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=besiege intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=lucid intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=suppression intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=effrontery intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=destinies intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=mindlessly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=reasoned intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=wholeheartedly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=inaccuracy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=fresh intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=menace intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sharply intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=effigy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enjoyably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=soften intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=enjoyable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=renown intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=amiss intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gossip intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=concerned intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dislike intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=kaput intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=retire intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=torture intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=timely intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=magic intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=stodgy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=uncompetitive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=damning intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inelegant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rack intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pledge intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=mishap intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unprofitable intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=crook intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=odd intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=leakage intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=waning intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=marvelously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dissatisfy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=insecure intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sneeringly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=punch intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=misgiving intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=poverty intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sentimentality intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=revile intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indiscreetly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=screech intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=defeat intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=disobey intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=repugn intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mortify intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inconveniently intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=confidence intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=illegal intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=throw intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=doubt intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=irrepressible intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=capriciously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shipwreck intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=infamy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=foolishly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rubbish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gladly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=charity intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=entangle intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=pout intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=challenge intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unspeakablely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wedge intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=bent intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=painstakingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=slim intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=unhappiness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=trumpet intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=weaken intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=educational intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=negation intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=insistent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=comedy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=intelligent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=luster intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=abrasive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=solidarity intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=awkwardness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=redundant intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=allow intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=well-managed intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=understate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=insight intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=doubtful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=apathetically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=perfect intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=decay intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=remorseless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lawlessness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=volatility intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=cuss intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=non-confidence intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=heavy-handed intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=kiss intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=pompous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scenic intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=sufficiently intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=delightful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=truth intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=shortage intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=deficiency intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=static intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=castigate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=irritation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=banal intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=monumental intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=venom intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=superbly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=heartily intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unprepared intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=adaptive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=perish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unwieldy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inferiority intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=greedy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unipolar intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ignominious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tempt intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=shun intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=embarrass intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=craving intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=assiduously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=scary intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=injudicious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scars intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=chilly intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=serenity intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=scare intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ethical intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=wondrous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=affliction intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=opportune intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=deceptive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inalienable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=heartrending intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exhilarating intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=belligerently intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sensitivity intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=painful intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=pervasive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sloppily intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=chagrin intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=depressing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dislocated intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=vouch intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=disrespectablity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=luckiness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=elite intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=haven intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=warfare intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=egregious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bother intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=aggressor intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=extraordinarily intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=tortured intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=appealing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=rollercoaster intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=steep intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=torrent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=misunderstand intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ingenious intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=accusing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=false intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=beggar intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=chivalrous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=intriguingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=trusting intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=abomination intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gentle intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=clearly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=competency intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=demolisher intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=well-educated intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=awed intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=tranquility intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=seductive intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=competence intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=tyrannical intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=embroiled intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disavowal intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disgustedly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fatalistically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=better-known intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=courtesy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=preposterously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fervent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=so-called intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hypocrite intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fiasco intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=maddeningly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=magnanimously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=perversion intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disvalue intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rough intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=asylum intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=trivial intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=incompliant intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=disillusion intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=illumine intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=conciliate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=jar intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=jam intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=wretchedness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hope intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=antagonism intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=irreproachable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=cranky intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lucky intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=forebodingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=antagonist intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=smash intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dishearten intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=contemptible intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=extremists intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=disapprobation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=streamlined intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=allegation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shortchange intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=monstrosities intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=low-rated intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=catastrophic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dragon intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dungeon intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=destiny intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=insulting intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=partisan intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=thoughtlessness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=distressingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=taunting intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=injustice intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=destine intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=disgruntled intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=derogatory intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=explosive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=obsessiveness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=strides intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=barbarously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=absentee intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=tantrum intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=perfidious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=quitter intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=galore intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=innocently intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=insociable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exalting intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=coercive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=jubilate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=accursed intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=outsider intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=mismanage intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wonderous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=willing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=frighten intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=waste intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=tyranny intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=altruist intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=coherence intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=acclamation intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=misguide intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hateful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enviousness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=banish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sourly intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=lecherous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pretentious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=remorselessly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=smokescreen intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ultra intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=exorbitantance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ripe intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=insanely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lush intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=prosper intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lascivious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=excessively intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=optimistic intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=impervious intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=denial intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=painstaking intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=soundness intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=terrorism intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=glaring intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=joyously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=covenant intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=unimaginable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=balk intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=denigrate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=light-hearted intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unimaginably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pleasantly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=fascinate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=acknowledgement intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=enrage intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=onerously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=poisonously intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=devilry intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=negligence intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=less intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dissatisfying intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=glut intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=glum intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=miserableness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=generous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=wee intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scoundrel intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vain intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=magnify intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=taunt intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=famously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unquestionable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=atrophy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=debatable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=crisp intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=inquisitive intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=mistrustful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=parasite intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=stagger intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=imprison intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=inexperienced intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inconstant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ineligible intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=recognition intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=disbelief intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=avoid intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=passion intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=forgiven intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=indistinctive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=posterity intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=imaginary intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=despoil intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=adversary intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=coldly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=idolize intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=punitive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=seedy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=concession intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=diabolical intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=villify intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rectify intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=commitment intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=disaffected intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mere intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disapproval intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=kooky intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=upliftment intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=frustration intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=heresy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=troubling intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=naturally intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=shyness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=grate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=detestable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wretchedly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=evident intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=soreness intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=smooth intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=reinforcement intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=excitement intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=convince intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=travesties intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=problem intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=detestably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=profusion intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=cordial intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=rightly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=plunderer intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unsavory intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=letch intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=renowned intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=incorrigibly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deadly intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=incorrigible intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=illusion intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=reckless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=satirize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=semblance intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=oppression intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=baffling intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hotheaded intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inspiration intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=frightfully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=reprovingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=torrid intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=villainous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=abhor intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unspeakable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=suicidal intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=magnetic intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=desirable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=encouragingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=controversial intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=integrity intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=brashly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=asinininity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=excoriate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inhospitality intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tickle intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=unsteadiness intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=daze intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=regal intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=worth intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=blistering intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=compassion intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=hilarious intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=distort intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=manic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disobedient intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=insolvent intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=bewildered intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=abhorrence intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=daydream intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=pinch intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=relentlessly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=endorse intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=triumph intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=monotonous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=blasphemy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=capriciousness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=depraved intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=blaspheme intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rigorous intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=decadence intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=established intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=incompatible intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=well-publicized intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=above intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=toll intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=festive intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=protection intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=wastefulness intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=celebration intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=anarchism intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=foolishness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cogent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=insensitively intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lonesome intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=surely intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=anarchist intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=subjected intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=envious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=secure intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=spooky intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inequitable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=angrily intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inequitably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=uncivil intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=extraneous intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=achievable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=romantically intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=devastation intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=gloss intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ploy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=negative intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=insult intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=agonizingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=plagiarize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=award intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=sobering intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unraveled intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=adamant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=striving intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=overrun intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=divorced intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=worn intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=elegantly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=radiance intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=pollute intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=deadweight intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=heartless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impair intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fanciful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indifferent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disrespectfulness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impassive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=agreeability intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=agony intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=debauchery intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=morbid intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disappoint intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fudge intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=horror intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gamble intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=fever intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=lag intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=lax intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=outbursts intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=meaningful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=complacent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=foolhardy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=austere intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=alienate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=hasty intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=facilitate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=appreciate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=greet intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=stimulate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=haste intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sanctimonious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=atrocity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=greed intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=modesty intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=infested intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=gumption intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=devote intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=consent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=innovative intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=awfulness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=understated intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=valor intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=precipitate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=split intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unfortunate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=amenable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=collide intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=bane intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=repulsive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shameful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=payback intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lifelong intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=rocky intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=reasonably intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=absolve intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=misbehave intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=reasonable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=apotheosis intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=disloyalty intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wide-open intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=remorse intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disputed intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=veto intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lawless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fervid intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dashing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=amazement intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=insubstantially intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unfulfilled intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=maniac intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=flawless intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=oppose intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=regress intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=burdensomely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=truthfulness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=daunting intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=miscalculation intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=hamstring intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=delicious intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=drones intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=thoughtfully intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lamentable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=protracted intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=overzealously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=plentiful intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=immodest intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=airs intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=compromise intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=fumble intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=damaging intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=paltry intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fanatical intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=happily intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=diversified intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=ludicrously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inexact intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unabashedly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=rebuff intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mercy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=guile intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=splendidly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=guilt intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=devious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=malady intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=pessimism intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vastness intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=enchanted intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lull intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=vigorous intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=facetiously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=praising intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=genuine intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=unscrupulous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=convenient intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=hamper intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=elation intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=luxury intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=finagle intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=conducive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=timidity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=germane intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=prohibitive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=grave intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=peevish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inadverently intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=calmness intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=unsophisticated intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=oppress intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fussy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=confront intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=precarious intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=respectfully intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=subtle intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=inestimable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=toast intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=painfully intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=guidance intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=gutsy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=adequate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=personality intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ardor intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=degradation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=nasty intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=implication intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=steal intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=erroneous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=miserably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gladness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=damnation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=horrendous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=miserable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=diffidence intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=afloat intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=unable intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=arcane intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cooperation intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=misguided intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=accord intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=disservice intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cow intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=brat intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ill intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unreliable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=first-rate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=devotion intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=peacefully intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=shady intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=freakish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=condescending intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vindictiveness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=infirm intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=oblivious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=frenetic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gratitude intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=petty intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=trickery intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=backwardness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=charisma intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=flexible intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=warmth intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=leech intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=easy intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=plebeian intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=beastly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=excite intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=inconsolable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=coherent intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=inconsolably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=imbroglio intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dissention intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=spellbind intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lousy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gracious intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=inhibit intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=harms intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dotingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ail intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=abrupt intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=thrash intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=rightness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=mistake intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stink intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=preeminent intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=divisively intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=whine intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sting intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dizzy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exile intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=uplift intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=discomfititure intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=brilliantly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=grandiose intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=grapple intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=agreeableness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=incorrectly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=imperiously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=independent intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=fuss intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rail intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=evil intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=nix intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vengeful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=immaterial intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=humble intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=taint intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ragged intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impertinent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bereave intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stringent intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dignify intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=extol intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=passive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exalt intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=righteous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=desire intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=usable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=insensitive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=contrariness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unfounded intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=retreat intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=disadvantage intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=oppressiveness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disinclination intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=farcically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=invaluable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=security intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=starvation intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=warily intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=flatter intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=rile intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hassle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pugnacious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bemused intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bore intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=confusing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=congratulate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=humor intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=phenomenal intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unavoidable intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=gruesomely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indoctrination intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enticingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unavoidably intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=adorable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=cash-strapped intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=posh intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=confer intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=constructive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=chafe intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=chaff intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hostilities intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=titillatingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=cherish intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=indecency intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dilemma intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=effusion intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sparing intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=delighted intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=formidable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=balanced intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=lewd intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stumble intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=strangely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hard-liner intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deception intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=overblown intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fight intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=derision intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=war intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=overjoyed intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=diligence intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=forgetful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vitality intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=catalyst intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=astonished intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=true intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=high-quality intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=invincible intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=generosity intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=emotional intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inclusive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=stupendously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=opportunistic intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=disputable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dying intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=meanness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disloyal intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=falsely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=evasive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unwilling intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=frolic intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=guiltless intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=convincing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=polite intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=mightily intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=assiduous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=faze intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=cohesion intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=accolade intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=cheater intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=denunciate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=precedent intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=broke intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=incisiveness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dance intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=debauch intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=grateful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=adamantly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=devoted intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=devotee intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=extoll intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=flash intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=aristocratic intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=compensate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dissatisfied intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=flak intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=terror intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=idealist intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=division intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=protective intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=liability intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ferociously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=forgiving intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=blast intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=feeble intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dismalness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fragile intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=distasteful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=brave intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=regret intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=repetitive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=agitate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scarcity intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=perplexity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=helpless intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=tempest intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=acrimonious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enticing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=curse intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=well-established intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=pleasingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=havoc intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=supporter intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=appeal intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=paradoxical intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=satisfy intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=unbosom intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=efficacious intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=gawk intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=blackmail intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=disclaim intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fractious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sociable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=merriment intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=impatiently intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=maxi-devaluation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disavow intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=trial intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=burdensome intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=kemp intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=patriotic intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ineffectiveness intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=keenness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=anti-occupation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sincerely intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sufferers intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=atrocious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=nauseating intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=senile intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=captivate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=live intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=wonderfully intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=melodramatically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=marginally intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=plaything intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=entrance intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=repentance intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=misconception intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bemoaning intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=nauseatingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=chastise intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indescribably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=woefully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stimulating intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=heart intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=dedicated intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=chit intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=supremacy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=refine intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=chic intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ill-treated intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=productive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=bankrupt intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=fortunately intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=disappointingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=blithe intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=allowable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=dominance intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=deteriorate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=peerless intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sacrifice intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=brazen intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disgusted intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=drastic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=flourish intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=bid-rigging intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=explicit intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=nosey intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sagacity intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fortuitously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=offend intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=crumple intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=forfeit intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=playful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=nefarious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cold intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dangerousness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=acknowledge intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=sinfully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=suffocate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=spacious intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=dreadfully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inefficiency intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=hale intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=wealthy intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=lier intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=placate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=thankful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fawningly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=outrageously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vexation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=grouse intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=worriedly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=amusement intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=accomplish intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=bullish intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=irony intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=belligerence intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=thirst intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hallucinate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rational intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ruinous intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=viable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=busybody intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=insular intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=scandalize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=carp intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=advantages intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=gaffe intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ominous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inevitable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=care intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=vehemently intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=honest intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=disable intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=tangled intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=outcry intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=profess intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=support intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=blind intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=impossibly intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=striking intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=jealousy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indecent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=untrue intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ill-used intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impetuous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=imprecate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sheer intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=truthfully intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=thankless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=callous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tragic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cost-effective intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=friend intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=brainy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=uninformed intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=brains intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=heretical intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dinky intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=accordance intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=optimism intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=impinge intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=extinguish intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=profuse intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sublime intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=troublesome intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=contentious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=angel intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=aspersion intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=premier intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=slap intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=anger intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=insatiable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=recover intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=terrific intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=beggarly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=objective intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=ego intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=oppressive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=infiltrators intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=neatly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=importantly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=expertly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=irately intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=flawlessly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=saintliness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=steady intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=slaves intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unnervingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=so-cal intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=boggle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=nemesis intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=jolt intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=staid intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=direly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=maliciousness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unravel intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stain intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=malcontent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shrill intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=incivility intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=handily intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=truly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=loath intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=celebrate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=deprecate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=appreciatively intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sorrowfully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=imbecile intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=irritant intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=overworked intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indeterminably intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=effectual intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=perceptive intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=browbeat intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=famine intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unfit intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disquietingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=recalcitrant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hell intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=culpable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=concern intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=incite intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=perspicuous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=altercation intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unanimous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=stellarly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=pettifog intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=blame intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=glaringly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=comeback intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=venomously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stun intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=talented intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=self-interest intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=temper intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=reluctantly intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=shamefully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=repulsively intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=madness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=adroit intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=foreboding intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inexplicable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exploit intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=learning intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=disgrace intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=charismatic intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=menacingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dictator intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=exhaustion intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=impugn intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wounds intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=vagueness intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=scrupulously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=scarily intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=handicapped intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=scum intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cherub intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=implacable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=zenith intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=anxieties intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bias intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=embrace intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=bestial intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=thrills intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=worry intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=poetic intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=contortions intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=anarchistic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=noble intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=pedantic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enjoyment intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=stingingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=nobly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=enchanting intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=undependability intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bondage intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=severe intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=demean intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=alleviate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=vent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=knowledgeable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=valuable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=electrification intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=relevant intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=death intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=legitimately intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=weariness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=senseless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=improvement intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=subversion intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=mournful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disproportionate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=real intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=frown intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=spectacular intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=worryingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=offence intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=earnest intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=tingle intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=detract intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=ramshackle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stunt intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=fortune intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=endorser intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=miracle intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=feckless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=falsehood intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=apologists intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exposed intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sentimentally intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=pointlessly intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=zealously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=derisive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=squirm intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=perverse intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=debacle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dejection intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sadden intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dreadfulness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indestructible intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=strained intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unease intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=uneasy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=uncivilized intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hectic intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=innocence intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=exciting intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=desiccated intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fondness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=emasculate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=piety intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=friendship intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=tremendous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=boldly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=assassin intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=daringly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=protests intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dazzling intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=renovate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=commodious intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=watchdog intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=entrust intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=restless intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=stark intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unlawfulness intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unreliability intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=low intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=stars intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=politeness intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=immaculate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=allergic intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=curiously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=manipulative intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=recoil intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=attainable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=trying intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=irreversible intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=election-rigger intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=god-given intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fraud intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=receptive intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lawfully intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=sadness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=backbiting intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gibberish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=reliability intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=unwelcome intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hotbeds intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=selfishly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=trample intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=valid intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=woeful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=poor intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=authoritarian intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=expropriation intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=desolation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=overreach intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unattractive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=titillating intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=apathy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hard-working intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=repay intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=forswear intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mourner intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=banishment intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=splitting intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=franticly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pique intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=thoughtful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=messy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dreadful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fastuous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fervor intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=pledges intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=resounding intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=indubitable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=rogue intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indubitably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=maladjusted intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=securely intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=heaven intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=deficient intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=disrepute intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vanquish intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=colossal intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=stigmatize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enfeeble intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enhancement intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=enjoin intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=envisions intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=conscience intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=darkness intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=exhilaratingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=scorching intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lurch intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=blindside intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=underlings intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=learned intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=repugnant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=turmoil intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ferocious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mendacious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=selective intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=grudges intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=eventful intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=strong intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=venomous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=conviction intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=exceptionally intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=upsettingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=invalidate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=toughness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=marginal intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=impiety intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fatuous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=glitch intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=lewdness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=flaws intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=injure intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=revelation intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=mysterious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=injury intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=blister intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=erode intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=regrettable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=instrumental intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=excuse intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=regrettably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pro-American intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=stupify intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pretense intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=grill intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=gauche intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=awe intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=entrapment intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tenacious intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=stinging intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=boycott intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=less-expensive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=fundamentalism intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=exclude intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unlucky intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=reject intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vigilance intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=rude intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inconceivably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=malcontented intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sneak intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=idiocy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=roadblocks intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gasp intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inconceivable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=compulsory intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=diabolically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=contrived intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=criticize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deluge intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=frictions intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=negligible intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dread intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deterioration intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=mourn intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dream intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=crafty intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=help intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=torturous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=annoyingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=perfidity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dizzing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stupified intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=staunch intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=repugnantly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=reluctance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fruitful intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=absence intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=astonish intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=heros intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=flabbergast intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fool intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=motivated intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=indefatigable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=vomit intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=permissible intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=outbreak intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sweeping intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=irrationality intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=trustworthiness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=desperately intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=capability intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=delightfulness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=pamper intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=yearningly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=bickering intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=irreconcilable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deride intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=absurdity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=anarchy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=presumptuous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=miss intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=viability intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=jolly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=settle intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=blundering intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shrivel intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=expansive intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dictatorial intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dirt intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=favored intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=misstatement intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=reason intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=dire intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=desiccate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hapless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bask intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=heroic intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=execrate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unresolved intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=brazenly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=terribly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cataclysmically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=avariciously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=apocalypse intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=swindle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=effortless intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=marvelousness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=prohibitively intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=ostracize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=blossom intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=obedience intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=wonderful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=scheme intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=merciless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=demystify intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=adulate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=boredom intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=kindly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lament intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=miseries intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impersonal intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=battering intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sty intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=phobic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=phobia intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unhappily intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fervidly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=urgently intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=overstate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cuplrit intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=affirmative intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=substantial intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=comrades intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=imperfect intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=cumbersome intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vulnerable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lie intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=adrift intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=evasion intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=salable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=useless intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=aggravating intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hell-bent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=experienced intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=plunder intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hothouse intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=diametrically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=catastrophe intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=loopholes intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sturdy intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=smoulder intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=clear intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=popularity intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=luckily intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unreasonably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=clean intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=fainthearted intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=naively intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dissemble intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=perseverance intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ennoble intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=languid intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=acerbic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=meticulously intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=impressively intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=stooge intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=distressing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=justice intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=inadvisably intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=paranoia intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=polemize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=steadiness intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=pretty intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=inadvisable intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=flighty intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hardened intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=repulsing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=antithetical intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=strut intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=famous intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=virtuously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=throttle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=chasten intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=recommendations intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=courteous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=pratfall intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disapproving intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=irredeemably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=plausible intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sidetracked intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=irredeemable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=close intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=vengeance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=horrid intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wow intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=insightfully intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=woo intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=incompatibility intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=stagnation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unobserved intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=notoriously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dullard intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=timidly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=aggrieve intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=distinguish intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=adorer intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=adored intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=protector intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=whatever intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=turbulent intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=reprehensive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=damn intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=coarse intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=threaten intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=mockingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=empty intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=compromises intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=decisiveness intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=derisiveness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deflationary intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=excitingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=deter intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=determination intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=disruptive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=intriguing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=overplay intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=spellbindingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=conspirator intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unconvincingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=brilliant intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=endanger intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ecstatically intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=loot intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=animated intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=unkindly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fleer intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=uncompromising intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=costly intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=hoax intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ready intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=blissful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dodgey intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=discredit intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=madly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=grand intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=impious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=conflict intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sham intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=misguidance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=covetous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fatty intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=bonus intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=indispensability intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=censure intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=decency intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=priceless intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=haunting intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=skyrocketing intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=flirty intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=anxious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=obviously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=uproariously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=savvy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=appalled intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=romanticize intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=chore intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=cave intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=pillory intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ignoble intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=devastatingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cocky intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=useful intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=vengefully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=botch intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=decayed intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exhilarate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=bonny intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=harmonize intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fabulously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lacking intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tiring intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scoldingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=game intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=pillar intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=stagnate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mistrustfully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=manifest intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=popular intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=ingratiating intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=well-connected intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=urgent intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=pathetically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impoverish intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=trendy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fanfare intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=savage intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dilapidated intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=beneficially intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=exceeding intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=providence intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=civilization intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=simmer intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hypocritical intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=benefactor intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=rue intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stew intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ache intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=taboo intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=subtract intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=shine intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=faith intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=magnanimous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=shiny intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=block intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=miracles intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=misbehavior intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=nonsense intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dissatisfaction intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=conscientious intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=infuriating intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=renewal intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=incongruously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=calumny intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=healthful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=inept intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disaffirm intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=properly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=tragically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=warlike intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dull intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=ecstasies intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=skulk intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=viciously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=intuitive intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=malodorous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=foresight intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=mindful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unreasonable intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=seethe intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unwise intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=evocative intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=surmise intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sullen intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=nag intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=objection intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fears intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=condescension intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=grind intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inglorious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=venerable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=overbalanced intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=bravado intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ruthlessly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=heroine intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=venerably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=wellbeing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=imprecise intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=evenly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=cheerful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=egomania intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=compact intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=stunned intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=blindingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=arrogance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=loathsomely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=friendly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=virtuous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=murderous intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=moribund intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=prudence intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=felicity intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=discouragement intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=defamatory intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=excruciating intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stiff intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=compassionate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=nourishing intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=catastrophes intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exasperatingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sedentary intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=encroachment intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=ardent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=languor intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pitilessly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exacerbate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rotten intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=volatile intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=self-defeating intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=melancholy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=denunciations intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=upsetting intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=radicals intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bowdlerize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=conceited intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enterprising intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=adulterate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=commendably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=benevolence intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=avaricious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=repel intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=salvation intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=danger intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=worthy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=apprehensive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=clout intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unwillingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=infest intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=manipulate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=agreeably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=well-informed intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=contentment intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=agreeable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=exhaustive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=indefensible intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=betray intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=beauteous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=inconsiderate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=self-criticism intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=charming intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=insincerity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=felicitate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=inattentive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rivalry intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=meek intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lapse intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=recession intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=irreparable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=nurture intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ineffectualness intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=beleaguer intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inviolate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fearsome intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=invincibility intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=defective intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=picturesque intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ambivalence intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=neurotic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=babble intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sentiments intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=reestablish intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=deplore intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mislike intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=furiously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=luxuriously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fatigue intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=insufficient intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=debasement intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=flagrantly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=alienation intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=presumptuously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=feeblely intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=rebellious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=less-developed intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=brittle intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=subversive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=brood intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exclusion intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=brook intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=spellbound intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sardonically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=demoralize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=supurb intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=placid intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=shimmeringly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=handy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=masters intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=spoon-feed intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mastery intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=upward intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=illuminate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=illuminati intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=special intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=gallant intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lukewarm intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=revoltingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pertinacity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=confess intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unlawful intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=fathom intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=shambles intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=thriving intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=obsessive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=obsess intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=achievements intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=discontinuity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=humiliating intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=forgivingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=undo intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sustainable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=dissenter intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sneer intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shrew intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=drowning intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=corrosion intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=hostile intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=precaution intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=galling intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=keen intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shred intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=repulsed intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=fastest-growing intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=confuse intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indisposed intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rectifying intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=bitch intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stump intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=eminence intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=precisely intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=stringently intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dump intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=durable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=unequivocal intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=attack intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=gainful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=perfectly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=terribleness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=temperate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=punish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=feint intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=jauntily intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=manipulation intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=fuzzy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=overwhelming intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=apologist intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exultingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=spurn intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=worthlessly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=aspiration intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=beg intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cartoonish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=transgression intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=insignificance intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=distinguished intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=earsplitting intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=captivation intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=villains intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=horrors intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sardonic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=torment intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=need intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=assurances intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=killjoy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=saintly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=bastard intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=opinionated intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vibrantly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=able intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=pretentiously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=flat-out intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=passionately intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unleash intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=resplendent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=brutalising intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rigor intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=demise intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=threats intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=misjudgment intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bloodthirsty intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=upset intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=prickle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=astonishing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=penitent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=distinctive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=constrain intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=lawbreaker intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impression intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=qualms intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unsettle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=reprehensible intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=violation intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=farfetched intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=well-being intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=passe intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=molest intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=reprehensibly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shield intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=envy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=untimely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unfinished intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=tire intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=idiocies intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hopeful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=degrading intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rash intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=strident intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=destabilisation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=betrayals intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unconcerned intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=infernal intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=achieve intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=dodge intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=gratify intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=righteousness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=adherent intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=exaltation intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=woe intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=despoiler intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=legitimate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=fallout intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=marvels intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=shy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=imperious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dejected intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=oppressively intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=berserk intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gush intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=wish intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=solicitous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=preach intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=irrefutably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=accuses intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=orphan intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unfavorable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=reinforce intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=triumphant intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=desperate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rifts intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=humane intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=irrefutable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=luckiest intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=outrageousness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=nightmare intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=horribly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=thumb intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=beautify intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=correctly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=horrible intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sabotage intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sorely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=importance intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=interfere intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=bemoan intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=efficiency intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=merry intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=approval intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=precious intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=mulish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=haughty intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=undetermined intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=inundate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=diligent intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=monstrously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=nauseate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=admit intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=propagandize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=go-ahead intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=sumptuousness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=supreme intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=maximize intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=cynicism intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cohere intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=lawbreaking intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=quit intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=disintegrate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=inertia intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=frenetically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=slowly intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=treat intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=fibber intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shameless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=novel intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=intimidate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=pandemonium intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=harden intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=inaccurately intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=grossly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hearten intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ominously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=odder intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sensitive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=blasphemous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=calamitous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=strange intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=eclectic intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fanatics intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hardliner intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unconventional intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=reactionary intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impeccably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=rightfully intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=eccentric intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=prodigiously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fierce intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=impeccable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=endearing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=destruction intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=rift intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scarcely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=distraughtness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=intercede intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=glower intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=well intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=insurmountably intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=nebulous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rife intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=insurmountable intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=risk-free intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=draconian intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=restore intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=underdog intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enormously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ill-tempered intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=discord intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=insinuating intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=accurate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=mistaken intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mistakes intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inefficacy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=skill intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=reaffirmation intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=run-down intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indignation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=kick intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=definitive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=ample intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=livid intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=historic intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=burden intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=amply intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=prominent intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=loss intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=gallantly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=necessary intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=lost intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=lose intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=adversity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=glare intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vociferous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=liking intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=leery intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=helplessness intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=broad intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=traumatic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=appreciative intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=rewarding intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=humorously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=hinder intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inaccurate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=decline intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=poignant intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=imperfectly intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=offset intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=misrepresentation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=refuge intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=inexpiable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=freedom intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=sinister intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=compatible intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=maladjustment intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=arrogantly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=eloquently intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lovable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=articulate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=secretive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=pointless intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=doubtless intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=rejoice intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=impatience intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=imperial intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=apprehensively intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=crushing intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=elate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=treacherous intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=hazardous intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=jubilation intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=gain intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=wince intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exaltingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=grieve intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scoffingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=accommodative intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=cruel intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=limit intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=diligently intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=reservations intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=universal intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=carefree intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=twist intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rumors intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=offensive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=spellbinding intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=misconceptions intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=blameworthy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=star intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ecstatic intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=inescapable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inescapably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dragoon intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=immoderately intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stab intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=animosity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=doggedly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=friends intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=titillate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=persistent intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=disconsolation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unsteadily intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=pardon intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dissolution intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dynamic intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=obstruction intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=protest intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=astray intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=perverted intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scheming intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=battleground intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=offenses intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unfeeling intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sagely intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=boundless intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sorry intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=slow-moving intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=rescue intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=appal intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=destitution intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=void intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=misunderstanding intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=smack intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=utmost intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=courageous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=vast intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=deplorably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=timidness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=frozen intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=irrationally intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enhance intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=deplorable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=force intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=tenuous intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=crave intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=subordinate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dumbfound intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=even intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=gawky intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inelegance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ignominiously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=desirous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=hatefully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hazy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unskilled intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sunder intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=reverently intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=undisputed intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=maverick intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=harbors intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=repugnance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deadbeat intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=weirdly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=refinement intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=active intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=inefficiently intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=harass intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=superstitious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exacting intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=lucrative intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=suitable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=menial intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=intrigue intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=astute intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fantastic intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dehumanize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=objectively intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=undesirable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=moral intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=calm intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=recommend intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=survive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=leaky intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=wary intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=demon intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=expose intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=warp intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=disruption intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=warm intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=frenzy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=confound intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=rights intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=somber intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=frantic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=assent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=degenerate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=untruthful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cursory intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=loathe intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=invidiousness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=adventurism intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=amazing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=salivate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=faulty intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=recompense intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=disconsolately intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indignity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=loyalty intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=misfit intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ambivalent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=longingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fictitious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=uninsured intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=inconclusive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=impossiblity intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=intimidatingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=despondently intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=responsive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=partisans intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wickedness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pleasurably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=alluringly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=better intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=stalemate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=overcome intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=imperturbable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=weakness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=intimidation intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=indulge intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rhapsodize intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=rhetoric intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=break-point intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=brightness intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=exaggerate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mistrust intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=superficiality intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unnoticed intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unpleasantries intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=loneliness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lofty intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=improvise intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=durability intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=overbearingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=caustic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=principled intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=contend intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unbound intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=restricted intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=oppressors intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=revolting intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=content intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=adhesion intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=easiness intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=sluggish intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=instigate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=revenge intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=struggle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=abate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=entrap intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=warmhearted intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=attune intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=heckle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impede intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enraged intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rapturously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=reassure intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=warped intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=deplete intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=downside intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=masterfully intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=nastiness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=discompose intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=debase intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dumbfounded intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=twisted intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enthral intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=brainwash intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=delirious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lovelorn intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=horrendously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=worsen intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=peculiar intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=symptom intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=congratulatory intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=anxiety intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=affront intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bitterness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=well-positioned intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=persuade intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=silly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deserving intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=divisiveness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hallucination intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=far-fetched intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fathomless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=quench intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=modern intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=mind intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sounding intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=horde intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=impotent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fitting intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=demoralizing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=worsening intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inconsistence intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=chatterbox intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exonerate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=treasonous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=alarm intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=impudently intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=self-destructive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=digress intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=definitely intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=principle intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=annoyed intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=urgency intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=discontent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hunger intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rapture intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=brutalities intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=brilliance intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=uneasiness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=discourteous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=incoherently intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=capitulate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=acquit intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=undignified intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=undoubtedly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dissolute intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cripple intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=brimstone intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dismayingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hoard intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=set-up intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=colorful intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=rejoicing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=smut intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=slanderous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=smug intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bar intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=compulsive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=broken-hearted intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stooges intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=illegitimate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=depressed intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bad intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enchant intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=attest intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unworthy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fascinating intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=blameless intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=winnable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=allure intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=mournfully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inappropriate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=insolently intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=artificial intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=disprove intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tolerance intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lethargic intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=enrapt intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=gems intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=lazy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ignorance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=weary intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=upfront intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=witty intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=disorderly intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=resistant intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=against intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=pertinacious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=distinction intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=contribution intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=overstatements intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exemplary intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=incessant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=awesomely intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lowly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unlamentably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=riled intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ingrate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=futility intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tiny intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=detrimental intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=interest intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=basic intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=lovely intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unlamentable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=idol intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=wheedle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=prosperous intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=suppress intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=chum intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=disgruntle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=decrepit intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lunaticism intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unpopular intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=affirm intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ugly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=neat intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=mangle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pessimistic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=discriminatingly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=teasingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shame intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lugubrious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=jest intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=amour intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sever intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=growl intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shimmering intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=uproarously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=contaminate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=advocate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=opulent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=delight intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=renaissance intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=jealous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=opportunity intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=kid intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=enthusiastically intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=failing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=berate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mockeries intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=just intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=wasteful intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unfair intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=personages intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=yep intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=yes intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=impending intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=agile intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=wretch intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=affinity intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=involuntary intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=perfunctory intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=auspicious intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=discreet intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=dreamy intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=affability intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=dreams intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=vanity intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dignity intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=blinding intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unnecessary intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=disillusioned intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=flabbergasted intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=notorious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=maltreatment intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=incisively intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=squander intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deal intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=repudiate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deaf intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dead intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=revel intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dear intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=amiable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=strife intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=uproar intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=aggravation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=flounder intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bold intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=plot intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=burn intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=humanists intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=confrontation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=super intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=empowerment intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=innuendo intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cliche intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=motivate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=down intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=lies intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=overkill intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=refined intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=annoyance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=amazingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ill-sorted intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=illustrious intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=misbecome intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=victorious intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=counterproductive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=embroil intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lurid intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=starve intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=immorality intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=failure intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=powerfully intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=prettily intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=blindness intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=surrender intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=atrocities intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=invidiously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=afflictive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=horrifying intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=propaganda intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ingenuously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=classic intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=sticky intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=cure-all intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=revitalize intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=mediocre intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=graft intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=oversimplification intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=discriminate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=polarisation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=authoritative intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=disaccord intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=excel intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=willful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=maledict intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tardy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=clear-cut intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=partiality intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=trepidation intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fell intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fruitlessly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=magnificence intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=inimically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pertinaciously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=luckier intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=overdue intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=befriend intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=revoke intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=relieve intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=vestiges intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mild intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=abundant intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=resourceful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=misread intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=suicide intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=deceitful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=educable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=swoon intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sufferer intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disgusting intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=amaze intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unpleasant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=friction intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=uneventful intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=pious intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dim intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=din intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=err intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=excellency intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dig intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=bright intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=excellence intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=grimace intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unexpected intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=ill-conceived intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sneakily intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=inconsequential intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inconsiderately intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bombardment intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=favour intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=reunite intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=suspect intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=drunkard intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unrestricted intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=dishonestly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wail intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=guardian intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=involuntarily intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=loathly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=superstition intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=detest intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ingenuous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=congestion intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=deceit intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=oversimplify intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=exploitation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=drab intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tolerantly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=draconic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=conveniently intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=breathtaking intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=insolent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=merely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=discontentedly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hardier intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=surmount intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sympathetic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=licentious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=distraughtly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=joyous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=swagger intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=travesty intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=adoringly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=acceptable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=insultingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rigid intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=demolish intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=deformed intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=hubris intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impel intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sour intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=cost-saving intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=crazy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=grouchy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=confused intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=overzealous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disbelieve intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=battered intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=craze intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=accordantly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=inundated intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pine intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=strikingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=scornfully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pure intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=swore intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=irreverent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sworn intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=mar intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=critics intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=praiseworthy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sustainability intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=mad intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=destructive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=infallibility intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=aimless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=farce intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=purify intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=fluent intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=thorny intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deceive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=imprecision intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=bungle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cute intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fatuity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shaky intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=wishing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=stability intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=spookier intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shake intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=irresolute intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=incoherence intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=interesting intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unacceptablely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=killer intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=shatter intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sarcastic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stubbornness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=aspirations intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=feverish intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=resignation intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=misgivings intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=careless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=abnormal intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=richly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=preaching intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=aloof intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vociferously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impurity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=interference intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dominate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=correct intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=assurance intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=inaction intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=monster intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=self-determination intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=inessential intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=miscreants intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dehumanization intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sensationally intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=invalidity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=desultory intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=assuredly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=remorseful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dungeons intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scandalized intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=quasi-ally intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=incompetently intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=little intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=thoughtless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=murky intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=autocrat intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lambaste intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fiery intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=daunt intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bloodshed intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gaudy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inefficient intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=accurately intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=cleanse intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=raptureous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=doddering intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=full-fledged intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=capsize intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=kingmaker intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=tantalize intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=improbability intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hard-hit intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dash intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=incontestable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=conspiracy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sulk intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inadverent intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=glibly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=efficient intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=isolate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=acumen intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=potential intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=pain intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=normal intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=insanity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=assault intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=complaints intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=supremely intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=well-intentioned intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=hardships intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=conspicuous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=especially intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=incisive intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=gracefully intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=pernicious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=massacres intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scowl intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=iniquitous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=precise intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=disunity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=elevate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=hardhearted intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enthusiast intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=despairingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stormy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=treasure intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=impunity intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=black intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=incredulous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disconcerting intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enthusiasm intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=exaggeration intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hostage intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unimportant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lionhearted intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=thinkable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=gibber intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unethical intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gem intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=beseech intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sickly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stupid intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=worrying intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=kook intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lethargy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=honesty intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fatefully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stigma intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wonder intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=full-blown intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=satisfying intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=steadfast intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=gaga intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vindictively intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=oversized intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=affordable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=legitimacy intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=self-humiliation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dissidence intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gratefully intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=skittishly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inanely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fulminate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sketchy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=disappointment intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=delirium intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=laudably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=cancer intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=spank intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=accusation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=importunate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mortification intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=laudable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sensible intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=intrude intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=caricature intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=capable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=dependable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=capably intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=sensibly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=educated intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=devilish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=workable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=squash intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=whips intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sound intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=predicament intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=invigorate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=unorthodoxy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=promising intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=huckster intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sincere intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=strain intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=pressing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=obnoxious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=abhors intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sarcastically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=harsh intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indelicate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=heartbreak intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=arguments intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=deference intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=pan intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dishonorable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exhaust intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=safe intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=admonishingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=break intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=drain intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=slanders intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=intermittent intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=oppositions intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=substantive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=stunted intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=accountable intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=amazed intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=parody intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=malicious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fume intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mannerly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=reputable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=adulterated intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=astonishment intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=grating intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=eviscerate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=grit intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=stinking intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inhibition intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=disadvantageous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=implicate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=disappointed intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=grim intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=grin intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=distrustful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=paupers intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indisputable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=gratifyingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=miraculous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=voluntarily intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=passionate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=hysterics intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=afflict intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=imprisonment intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=erase intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=lackeys intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=booming intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=herald intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=attractively intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=critical intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gladden intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=moderate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=knife intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=apocalyptic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=egocentric intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=profusely intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=obliged intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=notable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unusual intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=despicably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=notably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=despicable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dastardly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=squarely intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=tease intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=smear intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=practical intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=demonic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=knave intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fallacy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fertile intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=skilled intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=unnerved intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=featly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=multi-polarization intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=totalitarian intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=brute intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=madder intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=compliant intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=decisive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=hysterical intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=downer intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fanatic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unsettled intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sophisticated intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=shroud intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ineloquent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=belated intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=annihilate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disturbed-let intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=grudging intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exemplar intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=hilarity intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=eschew intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=grouch intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deadlock intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=powerless intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=affection intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=deep intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=deterrent intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=casualty intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=tedious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=selfish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=goddam intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=floored intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=repent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unaccustomed intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=victimize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fruitless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shelter intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=important intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=equitable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=prudent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=conclusive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=pitifully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=grudge intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=consternation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=recklessness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=refutation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=liar intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=forget intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vile intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=forbidden intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wrestle intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=forged intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=cooperative intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=reluctant intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=hideous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=premium intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=straightforward intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=righten intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=plausibility intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=overdone intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fall intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unilateralism intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=elated intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=benevolent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=celebrity intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=enrapture intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=portable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=affably intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=pretence intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=preposterous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unthinkable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=affectation intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=affable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=misrepresent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stood intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=illogical intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sweetly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=short-lived intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=exasperation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=judicious intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=tribute intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=everlasting intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=falsify intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=outgoing intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=ingratiate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=beacon intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=harridan intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stupor intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enmity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=misery intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=narrow intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=whimsical intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=proscription intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=prejudge intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cowardly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=re-conquest intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=aptitude intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=sanction intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=readily intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=distinct intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=disregardful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=furor intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=jubilant intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=hegemony intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=staggering intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=brisk intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=apprehensions intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=grisly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disfavor intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=willfully intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=frustratingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sillily intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dazed intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=abandon intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=stubborn intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shark intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gravely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=onslaught intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=attain intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=reproachful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=despot intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sharp intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=wisely intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=awkward intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sermonize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=needy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=comfort intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=low-risk intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=rapport intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sacred intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=inflationary intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=uprising intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=advice intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=fast-growing intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=blood intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=bloom intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=bleak intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=usurper intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=coax intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=crowded intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=spiteful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=crippling intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dispensable intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=mislead intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=responsibility intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=jeering intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pleasure intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=egregiously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=displease intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=swamped intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=oblique intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=deploring intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lewdly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=suffer intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=prevaricate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=arrogant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=thrilling intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=emaciated intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sensationalize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=famished intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=misunderstandings intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impressiveness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=clamor intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=bereft intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=triumphantly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=goof intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=good intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=egotistically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disrespectful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=frigid intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unauthentic intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=complain intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mystery intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=restrict intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=rant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=evade intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=overacted intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=arduously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inordinately intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=harboring intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=exquisite intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=harm intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hard intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=engaging intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=muscle-flexing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fist intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=tenderness intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=childish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deft intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=discouraging intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dejectedly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=avenge intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fortitude intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=tiresome intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=anti-Israeli intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disobedience intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pathetic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stridently intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pleasant intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=extraordinary intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=proscriptions intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=entrancing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=laughable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=devilishly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=benefits intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=omit intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=audacity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bragger intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=irreverently intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=perturb intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mistakenly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bullies intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=barbarian intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=humourous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=scandalously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hatefulness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fiction intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=jabber intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disown intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=precariously intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=indulgent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=mercilessly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=revive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=least intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=pains intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=too intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=uproarious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=malice intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=favorable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=gruesome intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=carnage intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=savagery intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=spirited intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=contrary intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=supposed intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=ambitiously intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=forgetfully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=murder intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=traumatically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disgustful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fading intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=insufferably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=refute intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=thrillingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=deepening intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=insufferable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=serene intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=easygoing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=adulatory intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=disconcerted intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=charm intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=significant intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=extremely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=goodwill intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=faithless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=charitable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=cramped intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sanctity intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=malignant intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=persuasively intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fine intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=defiler intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=nervous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ruin intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unhappy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=freedoms intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=idiots intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=spitefully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=convoluted intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=credulous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=intractable intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=prowess intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=courage intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=resolve intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=contagious intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=lividly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unfettered intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=condemnation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cynical intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=arouse intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=manly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=tender intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=excusable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=petrify intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cozy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=expert intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=quarrellous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=myriad intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=abrade intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=distraught intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=complement intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=figurehead intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=trustingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=incommensurate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=irreverence intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=egotism intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=defunct intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indiscriminately intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=carelessness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=quarrelsome intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=spiritless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=consume intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=simple intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=smother intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unsuccessful intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=openness intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=civilize intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=expensive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=patiently intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=apostle intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=appall intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=faithfully intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=intrusive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ineptitude intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enchantingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=cruelty intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dissension intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pricey intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=understand intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fretful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rupture intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=solid intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=tolerate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=fun intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=shoddy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=heroically intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=violently intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=perilously intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=astound intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=rancor intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=debaser intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stubbornly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enervate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dishonor intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=butcher intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=benign intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=bristle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lenient intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=contravene intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=itch intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=acridly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=appreciable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=timid intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=celebratory intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unconfirmed intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=motionless intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=commendable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=craven intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scummy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=toil intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=recant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=preference intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=alluring intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=vindictive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ludicrous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=profoundly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=distracting intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=openly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=thorough intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=shrewdly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=irritable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dishonesty intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impetus intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=cut intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=studious intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dare intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=impoverished intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=excited intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=hater intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ridiculously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=displace intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=redeem intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=stirringly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=terrorize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=knock intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=blemish intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=miff intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=immorally intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=surging intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=mediocrity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=foolish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=transgress intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=humorous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=extremism intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=magnificent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=back intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=impeach intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=euphorically intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=extremist intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=insincere intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=defamation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=proficient intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=eliminate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=lark intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=best-performing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=epic intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dismally intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inimical intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=patient intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=taxing intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=wayward intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=peculiarly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=restrictive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=hawkish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=constraint intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=inhumanity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=conciliatory intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=drama intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shrewdness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=abusive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inhospitable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=obscenely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=delusional intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=calming intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=obsessions intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=overpower intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=infected intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=gaggle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=errant intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=opponent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=frenzied intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cloud intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hopes intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=discomfit intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rejection intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=halfhearted intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=aversion intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=autonomous intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=groove intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=skittish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=repulse intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=curt intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=inexpertly intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=deprive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=obtuse intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cackle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=adoring intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=cohesive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=excuses intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=revulsive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=assassinate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=accidental intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=gross intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=prepared intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=restoration intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=fervently intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=phenomenally intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=gloatingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sore intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=downcast intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=appalling intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=failures intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=enrichment intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=traitorously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dogged intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wrangle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fascinatingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=intricate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=disintegration intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unfaithful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=suave intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=enlightenment intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=nervousness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=implausibly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=perversely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=startlingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=accuse intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=implausible intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=subservient intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=severely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mesmerizing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=iniquity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shock intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tenuously intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=insubordinate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=choppy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=uncomfortable intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=overtaxed intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=lower-priced intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=depression intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=reconciliation intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=pittance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=justification intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=embroilment intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=repudiation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=nonexistent intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=nimble intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=licentiousness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dissuade intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=discouragingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=irritating intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=extreme intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=forgetfulness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=talent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=conceit intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=contradiction intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=honor intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=abominate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=limp intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=extravagance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=decrease intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=scandal intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=absurdness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dissonance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=abhorrently intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=belittling intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=seamless intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=demoralizingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=little-known intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disgustingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dispirited intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=excitedly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=endurable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=pro-Cuba intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=malevolently intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=insufficiency intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=deviousness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ashamed intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tattered intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=eccentricity intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=enviously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=nightmarishly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unscrupulously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inclinations intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=jeers intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ebullience intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=gruff intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exhilaration intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=praise intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=rehabilitation intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=immoderate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=languorously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fulfillment intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=recklessly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exorbitantly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=contempt intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=magnificently intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=daring intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lame intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=pleasing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=winners intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=gainfully intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=villainously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=incompetence intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impenitent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=entreatingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ambiguous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lecher intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=regally intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=tamper intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=furious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=addiction intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=embarrassingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=resurgent intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=languorous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disarm intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=flattering intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dissocial intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fortunate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=mordantly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=industrious intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=flawed intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=blatant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=criminal intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=bountiful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lunatic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=muddle intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=self-satisfaction intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=kindness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=squabbling intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=torridly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=thrill intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=estranged intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=immoral intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=radiant intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=irrelevance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inculcate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=virulent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disregard intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=monumentally intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=licentiously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cliched intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=flair intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=thwart intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=defend intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=repress intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=invective intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lecture intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=fondly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=solicitously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=venerate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=frank intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=pacifist intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=hanker intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=upbraid intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=delinquency intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=bleed intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dissatisfactory intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=peeve intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deprived intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=abuse intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=grieving intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sorrowful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=madden intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=puppet intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pauper intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=frazzle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sadly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vulgar intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unspecified intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=realistically intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=immovable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lamentably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scant intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=ferocity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inestimably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=agonies intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=smolder intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=writhe intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dreary intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=absent-minded intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=reaffirm intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=glamorous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=slack intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=brusque intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=spookiest intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=calamity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=halcyon intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lover intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=imaginative intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=neutralize intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=tidy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=comfortable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=comfortably intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=pitiable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unlikely intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sporadic intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=skillful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=concerns intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=effusiveness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=autocratic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=savages intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=spinster intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=savaged intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=prisoner intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=hoodwink intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inexorable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=downbeat intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=heartening intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=enthusiastic intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=disease intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=absurd intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=anti-American intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=contemptuous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inexorably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deject intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=overachiever intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=vengefulness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=elimination intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=traitor intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=slanderer intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rebuke intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sidetrack intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=incorruptible intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=inspiring intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=madman intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ambiguity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tainted intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inferior intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exceptional intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=perfection intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=romantic intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=defame intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=amiabily intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=predatory intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=omission intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=showdown intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=infidel intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=yearning intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=anti-US intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inexplainable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enhanced intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=vilify intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=imposition intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=reform intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=literate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=difficulties intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=derisively intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=progress intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=tediously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=smilingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sorrow intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=grumble intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=regretful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=calamitously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enflame intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exclaim intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=empathy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=asunder intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=joke intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=assure intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=insidious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=glorious intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=paranoid intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inflammatory intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=invasive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=commend intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=laugh intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=monstrosity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=flourishing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=instigators intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fright intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=electrify intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=muddy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=invigorating intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=seasoned intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=easiest intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=upbeat intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=anomaly intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=perplexed intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=overwhelmingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dispiritedly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tenderly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=tense intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=bull intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=imbalance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=remorsefully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=plain intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=promoter intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=wonderously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=advisable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=frustrating intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=amenity intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=likable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=bicker intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=chaotic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dissent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=delusion intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=aggressiveness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=regression intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=eulogize intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=defiant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sugar-coated intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=frivolous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=garish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=besmirch intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=retard intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=chastisement intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disoriented intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exceedingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=illusory intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=raving intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=intransigence intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inveigle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=surpass intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=nurturing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=hypocritically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=onward intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=stressfully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=smart intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=resolved intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=miscalculate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=thoughtlessly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=punctual intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=displaced intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=like intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=success intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=vibrant intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=laconic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bafflement intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lucidly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=accessible intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=crazily intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hail intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=recommendation intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=proper intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=supportive intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=stuffy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shrug intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=discretion intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=economical intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=hysterically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ironies intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=slight intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=combative intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=stellar intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=expire intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=although intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=hospitable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=misbecoming intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=noisy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=seriousness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=smartly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=legendary intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=flake intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=flaky intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=obnoxiously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=baseless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=faithfulness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=obliterated intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=functional intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=chronic intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=cancerous intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=esteem intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=stainless intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=buckle intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=adversarial intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=stimulative intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=glimmer intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=glib intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tricky intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=amity intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=plague intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=bum intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=contemptuously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bug intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=versatile intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=neurotically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wise intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=glory intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dangerous intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=jealousness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=excruciatingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=penetrating intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=maliciously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=crusade intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=mysteriously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=uttermost intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=puzzlement intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=insupportable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wallow intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=gloriously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=insupportably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=yelp intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=entreat intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=limited intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=disarray intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sleek intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=hate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inexpert intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=poorly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=violate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unbearablely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=agitator intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rankle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tenacity intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=pride intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=divergent intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=lure intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=risk intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=despondency intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lurk intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gratification intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=despondence intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vastly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=anemic intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=ovation intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=harried intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=flashy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=delightfully intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=enjoy intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=veritable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=overdo intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=reprehension intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=consistent intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=welfare intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=fabulous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=emptiness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=expressive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=strangest intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=solemn intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=poison intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=undaunted intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=insinuate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mischievous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=blur intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=non-violence intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=prate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ultimatums intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ulterior intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=feisty intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=smuttiest intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=humility intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=hideously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ridicule intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mentor intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=displeasing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=loveless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=patience intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unfunded intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=asset intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=incautious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=slaughtered intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=blather intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=barbarous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=naive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=phony intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=grief intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ardently intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=excellent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=diatribes intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=outdated intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=abundance intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=tremendously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=advocacy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=quarrel intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=defile intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ingenuity intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=guarantee intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=collude intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scolding intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bunk intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=vagrant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=accusations intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=toxic intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=infamously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=widespread intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=swiftness intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=badly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=brutalizing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mess intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=breathlessness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=delicacy intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=astoundingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=uproot intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=splendid intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=upside intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ultimate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=decreasing intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unsteady intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=deform intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=fiendish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=outshine intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=strangle intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=undid intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=destroyer intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hypocrisy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=polluters intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tramp intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=entranced intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=compelling intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=stifling intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=smouldering intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=litigious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vouchsafe intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=powerful intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=misdirection intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=diseased intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unsupported intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=disreputable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gloom intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shadowy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=explode intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=frantically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=capricious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=victory intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=elatedly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=prohibit intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=wariness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=insufficiently intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dispiriting intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unexplained intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=truant intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=depress intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=fraught intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sane intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unabashed intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=heavenly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=independence intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=bitingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=eternal intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=free intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=masterpiece intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=supurbly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=alarmingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fret intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inexpensive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=tolerant intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=heck intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hopeless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=aspire intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dunce intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=officious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lovably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=encouraging intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=rank intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bombard intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=fantasy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=smugly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sober intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=traitorous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=slanderously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=withheld intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=cheerless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=revival intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=sarcasm intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=top intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=indeterminate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=euphoric intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=euphoria intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=overact intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wildly intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=inconvenient intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=militancy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unbroken intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=insightful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=reparation intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=illiterate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=indiscreet intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=villianous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=esoteric intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=conspicuously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=embellish intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=flimflam intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inarticulate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mercifully intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=rampage intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bloated intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=flame intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=misinformed intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mirth intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=forceful intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unrest intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rat intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=staggeringly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=spade intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=relapse intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=isolated intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=elegance intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=effectiveness intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=propitious intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=inexcusably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=visionary intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=plenty intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unorthodox intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inexcusable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=glow intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=constancy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=devastating intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=interests intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=orderly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=inaccuracies intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=entertaining intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sanctuary intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=bait intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inspire intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=endear intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sage intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dupe intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=queer intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=spite intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=abjure intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=studiously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=disgust intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enslave intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hardball intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=continuity intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=anti-social intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hostility intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=baffle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ultimatum intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=despite intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=considerate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=overbearing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=get-rich intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=subservience intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=anxiously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=collusion intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=idiotic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=plush intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=boring intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fragrant intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=wrest intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=skeptically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inapt intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=desolately intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=corrupt intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disturbing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=accede intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=immaculately intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=temptation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=startle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deceptively intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=smutty intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hopefully intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=incomprehension intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=adventuresome intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=confusion intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=weak intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=contort intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=devout intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=contamination intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=blasted intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=improve intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=protect intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=abasement intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=debaucher intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=irregular intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=deceitfully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fault intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=precipitous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disastrous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hypocrites intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gainsayer intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=escapade intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=self-respect intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=epidemic intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=majestic intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=trust intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=comical intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=incomparable intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=foully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=beneficiary intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=confident intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=miraculously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=incomparably intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=overawe intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=fleeting intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=bereavement intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=uncommon intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=well-run intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=terrible intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=apprehension intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lessen intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=inviolable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=tolerable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lesser intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=luxuriate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=subjugate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=provocative intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dazzled intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=suggest intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=wound intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=utilitarian intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=complex intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=commonsense intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=screw intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unyielding intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=groundbreaking intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=incredulously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=incapably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gabble intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impediment intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=greatest intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=incapable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=admiringly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=arousing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=appease intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=bruise intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=thumbs intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=enlighten intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=tolerably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=overemphasize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rumor intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pitiful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=humanity intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=erratically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=submissive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=salacious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deprave intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=incontrovertible intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=befit intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=advanced intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=peeved intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=excellently intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=brutality intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=zeal intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=contradict intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gifted intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dishonest intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unsuspecting intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=informative intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=splendor intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=arbitrary intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=superlative intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=envision intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=stereotype intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=detraction intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=successfully intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=accost intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=insincerely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=displeasure intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=precautions intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=prejudicial intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=icy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=intolerant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fustigate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hegemonistic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=staunchly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=idolized intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=limitation intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=choke intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=trustworthy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=undocumented intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=misleading intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ensure intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=blabber intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=primitive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=anxiousness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=low-cost intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=lavishly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=obscene intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=uncontrolled intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=accomplishments intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=over-acted intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=nuisance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disinterest intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indispensable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unpretentious intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=simplistically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=questionable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=intolerance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=abysmal intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=heal intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=deny intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=heinous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=illuminating intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ultra-hardline intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=satisfactorily intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sustained intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=humiliate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=admiration intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=heartwarming intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=bargain intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=adore intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=panicky intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=trim intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=impropriety intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fury intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sinful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=suspicions intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ill-natured intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=despotism intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=acclaimed intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=believable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=annoying intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=injurious intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=liberalism intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=blatantly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=radically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=upheaval intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=faithful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=stagnant intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=complicit intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=erosion intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=eternity intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=uniformly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=perversity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scorchingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vigorously intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=withhold intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=serious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=intimacy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=backward intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=premeditated intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hardheaded intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dispirit intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=obviate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=adulteration intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=remarkably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=rot intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=empathize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=remorselessness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=abhorrent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=quash intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=weakening intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=outmoded intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=advantage intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=exalted intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unfamiliar intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sloppy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disquietude intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=incitement intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=ruthlessness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=one-side intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enthuse intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=invidious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=encroach intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=better-than-expected intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=invader intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=obsolete intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=comforting intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=irritated intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=distaste intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stressful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stately intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=deluded intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=debate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=entertain intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=angriness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=boast intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=healthy intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=guilty intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=law-abiding intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=denunciation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=weird intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gorgeously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=humour intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=erudite intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=pessimistically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=brighten intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=paralyzed intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=crisis intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=positiveness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=vivid intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=confounded intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=ravage intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=upheld intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unwarranted intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dismay intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bombastic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=neglected intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=downhearted intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dismal intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=misreading intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=degradingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unruly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=batty intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=laughter intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unconditional intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=deservedly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=trump intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=downfall intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inexperience intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=critic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=provoke intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=intelligible intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=eloquent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=meager intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=infringements intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vital intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=endorsement intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=genocide intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unbelievable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=paramount intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=irrational intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impartial intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=scoff intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dazzle intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fascism intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=heartbreaking intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inconsequentially intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=renovation intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=unbelievably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disheartening intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=direness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stupidly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=amuse intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=purification intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=infidels intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impartially intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=exclusive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=accolades intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=pre-eminent intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=pugnacity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=paradoxically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=abhorred intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=civil intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=unsettlingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=endless intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=loophole intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=puzzle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lonely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=condescendingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=devastated intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=qualified intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=conquer intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=vexingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=equality intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=stabilize intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=realist intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=realistic intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=finely intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=subjection intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=wearisome intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=nettlesome intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ailment intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=inopportune intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tumultuous intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=obsession intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hysteric intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hysteria intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ultimately intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=concur intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=infuriated intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=profit intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=inadequacy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=bless intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=maneuver intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=oasis intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=skillfully intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=hobble intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=nightmarish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=delude intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=invaluablely intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=impose intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gusto intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=best-known intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=brutalize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=spectacularly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=feign intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=incongruous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=awfully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=clumsy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=simplified intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=disinterested intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=necessarily intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=haggle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fortuitous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=persecute intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=white intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=hug intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=shrouded intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indoctrinate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hurtful intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=debility intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=alas intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mawkishly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ill-advised intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=petrified intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bewitch intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tawdry intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=diplomatic intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=usefulness intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=poeticize intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=pro intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=blunder intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pry intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=prosperity intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=astonishingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ideal intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fracture intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=blunt intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=urge intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=commonplace intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=selfinterested intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=agilely intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=impulsively intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indelible intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=betrayal intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=clearer intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=remunerate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=boiling intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indelibly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=proud intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unwisely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hungry intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=drastically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cheat intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=allegations intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=painlessly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=hustler intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=favor intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=shimmer intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=crime intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=well-wishers intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fickle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=explicitly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=deign intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=luxuriant intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=heartfelt intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lighten intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=begging intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hedge intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=treachery intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cautionary intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pinnacle intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=obliterate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impolite intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=joker intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=barbaric intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unlicensed intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=imposing intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=uneconomical intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=trick intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=slashing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=underpaid intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=voluntary intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=crooked intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=definite intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=belittled intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ineloquently intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=untrustworthy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=recourses intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=rumours intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fearless intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=self-serving intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disdainful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=floundering intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unusually intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=harshly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indiscriminate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=murderously intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=provocation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=insist intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=resentment intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=satisfaction intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=pundits intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=assertions intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=bizarre intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=skeletons intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=runaway intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scandalous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lame-duck intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stylishly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=peaceful intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=confessions intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hardly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enraptured intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=commonsensical intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=exasperate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=blessing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=wretched intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=adeptly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=mocking intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=minister intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=above-average intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=careful intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=irrelevant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=spirit intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=unsatisfactory intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=crusader intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=palliate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=appreciativeness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=contrive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dissident intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inconsequently intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ironic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=treacherously intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=resentful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=erroneously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=breathtakingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=levity intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=agitated intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mockery intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=applaud intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=refusal intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=lambast intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disadvantaged intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=devoid intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=delicate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=unqualified intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=weep intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=cartoon intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=longing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=purposeful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=delectable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=magical intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=melodramatic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=relief intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=inability intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=offensively intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=flakey intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=justify intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=clog intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unconstitutional intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=lavish intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=violent intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=pariah intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=kill intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=perilous intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=blow intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dauntless intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=asininely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=interested intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=rosy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=poised intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=backbite intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disrupt intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=subversively intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=easily intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=inordinate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=standstill intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exquisitely intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=oddly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sanity intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=substandard intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=well-received intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=shunned intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enormities intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shortcoming intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=coddle intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=intact intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=redeeming intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=prolific intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=renounce intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dauntingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fusty intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=moon intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=moot intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=subjugation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=compulsion intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=welcome intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=illogic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=boisterous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=slaughter intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=terrified intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=prattle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=baffled intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=subdued intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=zealous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=jeer intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stand intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=scornful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=discrimination intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=curses intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cursed intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=calamities intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=strictly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=racism intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=strict intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=racist intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deteriorating intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=condone intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=gibe intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mischief intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shamelessly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=regard intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=strenuous intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=condemnable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=emancipate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=fabricate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=extermination intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=merriness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ineffectually intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=self-interested intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sleazy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ruffian intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stiflingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=taste intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=bleakly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fallaciousness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=accusingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ingeniously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=incorrect intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=abyss intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=onerous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=idiot intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deserve intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=compel intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=loyal intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=heathen intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=starkly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unneeded intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dismayed intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sufficient intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=deviation intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=brash intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=jaded intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=conspiracies intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=fetid intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=courtly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=undoubted intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dextrous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=villianously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unscathed intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=treason intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lack intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=antagonize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=defamations intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wanton intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=remarkable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=homage intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=assuage intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=sparkling intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=revengeful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indecently intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=worse intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=equivocal intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=infringement intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=facetious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fat intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=admonition intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=worst intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=awful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gainsay intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wily intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ranting intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wilt intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=undone intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=liars intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dexterity intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=battle intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=aptly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=peacekeepers intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=laughably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=advantageous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=whimper intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rascal intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=eminent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=crush intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=idealism intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=ruffle intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=passiveness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=overstatement intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=decrepitude intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hopelessness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tiringly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=epitome intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=tragedy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=thrift intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=graciousness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=misinterpret intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=difficulty intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=infringe intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gleeful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=thankfully intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=impolitic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fearfully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fatuously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=snub intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unthinkably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=faint intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=tyrannically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=irritate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=affluence intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=flaw intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=mire intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dissonantly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=domination intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=amputate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=mellow intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=glad intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=domineer intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=discordance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=imprecisely intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=ineffectual intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=embarrassing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=challenging intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=abandonment intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=conspire intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=coerce intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dubiously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=allege intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=insignificantly intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=court intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=desperation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=acrimony intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=goad intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=overbalance intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=simplicity intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=okay intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=abdicate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=acerbate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=weaknesses intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=preoccupy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=indomitably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=indomitable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=adventure intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=numb intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=capitalize intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=shortcomings intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=obstinately intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rationalize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=meticulous intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=groundless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=untenable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=retaliate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=admonishment intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cruelties intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=outrages intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indebted intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=closeness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=disabled intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=outraged intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=quarrels intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=flaunt intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stride intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=trouble intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=jollify intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=temptingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=susceptible intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=prodigy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=harmless intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=truculently intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ebulliently intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fallaciously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=might intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=generously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=belittle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=adventurous intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=impressive intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ingratiatingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=pro-peace intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=refresh intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=inequality intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disorient intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=difficult intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=intolerable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=steeply intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=needless intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=beneficent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=inflict intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dubitable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inflated intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=reverent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=effusively intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=foolproof intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=disquiet intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bellicose intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disbeliever intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=paradise intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=congenial intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=boldness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=forgive intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=monotony intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fiat intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=stampede intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=exaltedly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=prejudice intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=threat intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=divorce intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unhealthy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=radical intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fancy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sympathy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=revolution intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=bland intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=verifiable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=moan intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scathing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=leading intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=doomsday intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=terror-genic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=storm intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=second-class intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=headache intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=record-setting intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=gleefully intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=uncommonly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=indecisively intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=horrifically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fidget intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=versatility intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=kind intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=nagging intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=outrageous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=insulted intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stale intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=restful intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=risky intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unrelenting intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=motivation intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=hilariousness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=outstanding intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=suspicious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shrewd intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=decadent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=engulf intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=vileness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gall intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hopelessly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lackadaisical intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indiscernible intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=instigator intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pillage intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inconvenience intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=miserly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enduring intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=prestige intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=achievement intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=value intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=traditional intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=depressingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hindrance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=obediently intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=liberate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lying intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=left-leaning intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=niggle intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=fond intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=inflexible intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=felon intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=uniform intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=virtue intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=aggravate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=delinquent intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unrealistic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=grotesque intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=penalty intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=shamefulness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=repulsiveness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=spurious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=avarice intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=procrastination intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=commiserate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=grievances intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=commensurate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=naughty intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cringe intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=relentless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=insensible intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=loveliness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=signify intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=martyrdom intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mischievously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=intelligence intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=defense intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=dumb intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unsure intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=glistening intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=blurt intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=forlorn intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inefficacious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=misjudge intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=jaundiced intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=corruption intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=betrayer intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=succeed intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=opposition intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=competent intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=lyrical intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ignominy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hesitant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=commonsensible intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=commonsensibly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=blissfully intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lustrous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=sloth intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=distress intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sweet intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=improper intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=regretfully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rave intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=acrid intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=distrusting intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bolster intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=startling intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=complication intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=stupendous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=overlook intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dud intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=acrimoniously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=affectionate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=evildoer intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=imprudence intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=precision intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=goodly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=stolen intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=noticeable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=indefinitely intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=civility intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=corrode intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=mordant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=insistently intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=credence intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=obtrusive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disappointing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ecstasy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=obstacle intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=headway intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=rid intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=anguish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=shirk intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=restraint intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=painless intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=moving intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=battle-lines intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=robust intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=uneasily intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=infiltrator intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=try intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=persuasive intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=edgy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cheer intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=inspirational intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=grievance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=abilities intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=scrupulous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=altruistic intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=competitive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=inactive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=vigilant intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=profitable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=illusions intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=resourcefulness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=spoonfed intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=problematic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tormented intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=complaint intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cataclysmal intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vindicate intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=joyless intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=discriminatory intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unlimited intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=self-sufficiency intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=moody intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=skeptical intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pithy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=admittedly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ignore intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=moralize intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=distrust intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unstable intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=entice intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=essential intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=impassioned intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=disinclined intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=understood intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=selfishness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sprightly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ill-mannered intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=innovation intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=apathetic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=jumpy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=gracelessly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=peevishly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=togetherness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=cautious intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=tortuous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ordeal intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=frightful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lifeless intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=hatred intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=complimentary intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=youthful intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=credible intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=mesmerizingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=heedless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stench intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lone intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=long intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=statuesque intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=oddities intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=conceivable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=mundane intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=forlornly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=perplexing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=audacious intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=reassurance intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=usurp intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=forbidding intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=mystify intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=patriot intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=hideousness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=liberty intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=gratifying intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=highlight intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=individuality intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=freak intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=worthwhile intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=divisive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=warning intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=rally intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unjustifiably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tentative intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=evils intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inequities intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=peace intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=seething intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=defrauding intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unjustifiable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=mock intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=nice intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=pro-Beijing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=smitten intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=backbone intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=problems intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=inflame intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rightful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=vice intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impatient intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vocally intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=pervert intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=resistance intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=hellion intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=discordant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=worrisome intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deviously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=uphold intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dissidents intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=obstinate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=stable intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=barbarically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=breach intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=blandish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disquieting intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=wishes intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=spook intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=incoherent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=martyrdom-seeking intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fast-paced intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=gullible intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indescribable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=idealize intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=outdo intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=friendliness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=pleas intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=abominably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dissembler intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sensation intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=abominable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unavailable intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=outsmart intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=concessions intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=bearish intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=relent intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=gaily intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=uncollectible intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=insouciance intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sexy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=polution intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=miser intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=survivor intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=distressed intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=trivialize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=definitively intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=acridness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=chaste intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=miscreant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=forbid intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=confession intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=improbably intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=apt intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=improbable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=doubtfully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ape intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=procrastinate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scariest intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bitterly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=clever intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=inclined intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fiend intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impress intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=cooperate intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=steadfastly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=virulence intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=posturing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=annoy intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fraternize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disingenuous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=feebleminded intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=recessionary intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=purity intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=indulgence intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=jobless intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=earnestness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=inaccessible intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=villian intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rapt intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=condescend intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=devastate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=syndrome intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=buoyant intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=justifiable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=patronize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unquestionably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=justifiably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=grudgingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=panic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sin intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=rantingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tension intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=puppets intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tact intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=hazard intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=impulsive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=discomfort intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=redundancy intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unnaturally intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=light intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=arduous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=malevolence intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cheapen intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=honestly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=disrespecting intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=irregularity intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=violator intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unjustified intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=beguile intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tyrant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=lifeblood intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=indignantly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unsustainable intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dismaying intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=superior intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=complicate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=goading intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=glee intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lech intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=glisten intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=inconsistencies intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=distraction intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=contention intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=richness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=flout intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=negligent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=impaired intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=diabolic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=crass intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bewilderment intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=profound intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=enviable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=devilment intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unpredictable intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=admonisher intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enviably intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dogmatic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=champ intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=erratic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tepid intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=upliftingly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lesser-known intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sentiment intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=vehement intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=ejaculate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=chaos intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fascist intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=thrifty intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=honorable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=shortsightedness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=despairing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=promptly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=heartbreaker intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=halfheartedly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=implode intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=spookily intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=feasible intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=illicit intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=feasibly intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=barbarity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=biting intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=astutely intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=insane intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=obscurity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=plainly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=bleakness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=felicitous intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=listless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gratuitously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=enormity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=salutary intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=droop intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=delusions intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=boil intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=misunderstood intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=agility intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=shallow intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=diminish intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=astounded intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=leniently intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=objectionable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=isolation intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=anti-proliferation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=riches intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=discriminating intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=fastidiously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indistinct intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=misbegotten intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=laughingstock intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=woebegone intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sincerity intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=outstrip intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unbearable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=afraid intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=hegemonism intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=boastful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=dissuasive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=savagely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=clash intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=harmful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=alarmed intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=courageousness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=discourage intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=refreshing intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=admonish intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=appallingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=nebulously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=contradictory intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inane intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=please intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=banalize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=upright intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=utter intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fear intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=feat intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=pleased intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=craziness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=sinisterly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indignant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=daydreamer intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=prosecute intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=topple intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=dope intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=massacre intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=malaise intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=hothead intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=spur intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ghetto intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=heretic intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=deceiver intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=affluent intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=disingenuously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=thrive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=inventive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=humiliation intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=expel intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=fantastically intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=first-class intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=unfairly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=confrontational intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=luminous intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=righteously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=pragmatic intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=invulnerable intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=monstrous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=junky intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=superb intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=genius intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=scathingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=viper intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=crude intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=frustrated intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=masterful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=ability intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=horrifyingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=joy intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=embarrassment intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=spoil intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=proficiently intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=swift intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=declining intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=profanity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=valiantly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=grail intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=illiquid intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unconvincing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unclear intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=narrower intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=subscribe intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=respect intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=unclean intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=propitiously intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=decent intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=impetuously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=bewildering intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=uproarous intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=divinely intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=butchery intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=meritorious intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=injustices intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=overture intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dearth intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unmoved intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=overturn intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=abandoned intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sanctify intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=fearful intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=irate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=will intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=stunning intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=wild intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=barely intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unworkable intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=disapprove intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=encouragement intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=unfaithfully intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=vintage intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=maddening intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=cross intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=adverse intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unity intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=exuberance intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=merciful intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=privileged intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=grandeur intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=last-ditch intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=prickles intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=expediencies intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=disagree intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=outcast intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=amicability intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=beast intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=acerbically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=catastrophically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scruples intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=excessive intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=heavily intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=untested intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=happiness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=temerity intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=console intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=avidly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=morbidly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=arresting intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=dwindle intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=attractive intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=earnestly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=uncompromisingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=unprecedented intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=virulently intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=captivating intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=myth intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=frighteningly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=suspiciously intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=idyllic intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=miraculousness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=presume intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=press intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=racists intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=helpful intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=loser intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=incendiary intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=tauntingly intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=exhaustively intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=exceed intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=shabby intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=scared intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=flagrant intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=illegally intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=blunders intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=indefinite intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=leak intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=breakthroughs intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=farsighted intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=lean intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=thank intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=impolitely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=headaches intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=mania intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=obey intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=slur intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=astounding intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=asinine intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=slug intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=stereotypically intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=surge intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=swear intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=fatally intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=polished intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=argumentative intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=promise intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=lawful intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=negate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=unproductive intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=gape intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=agonizing intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=egalitarian intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=resound intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=alienated intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=nourish intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=brashness intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=assail intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=instructive intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=embolden intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=inconsequent intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=distract intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=stirring intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=bewail intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=eagerness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=horrific intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=intimidating intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=humbling intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=inadequate intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=meaningless intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=gnawing intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=troublesomely intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=goodness intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=incredible intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=demonize intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=immobilized intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=boom intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=sick intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=cutthroat intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=incredibly intensity=strong polarity=positive
word=junk intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=nourishment intensity=weak polarity=positive
word=frustrate intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=extort intensity=weak polarity=negative
word=sass intensity=strong polarity=negative
word=pugnaciously intensity=strong polarity=negative
